README.md, before:

# aws-ssm-env

Simple utility to print parameters from Amazon EC2 Systems Manager (ssm) Parameter Store as environment variables. This is useful for injecting secure secrets into the environment of a docker container process.

## Usage

Create secret parameters on AWS Parameter Store for your application using [hierarchies](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-working.html#sysman-paramstore-su-organize):

```
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /userservice/SECRET_1 --value "123456" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /accountservice/secret_2 --value "abcdef" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /accountservice/secret_3 --value "foobarbaz" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /database/production/password --value "productionpass" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /database/staging/password --value "stagingpass" --type SecureString
```

Add tags to categorize parameters in various ways:

```
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /userservice/SECRET_1 --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /accountservice/secret_2 --tags Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /accountservice/secret_3 --tags Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=staging,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /database/production/password --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /database/staging/password --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=staging,Value=true
```

Retrieve parameters with `aws-ssm-env`:

```
# filter by 'userservice' parameters for 'production'
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=userservice,production
SECRET_1=123456
PASSWORD=productionpass

# filter by 'accountservice' parameters for 'staging'
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=accountservice,staging
SECRET_3=foobarbaz
PASSWORD=stagingpass

# filter by path (`/` will search all parameters)
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/database
PASSWORD=productionpass
PASSWORD=stagingpass

# filter by path and tag
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/database --tags=production
PASSWORD=productionpass
```

*Notice that parameter names are automatically capitalized.*

Use `export` with `aws-ssm-env` to inject secrets from Parameter Store into the environment:

```
> export $(AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=userservice,production)
> env
...
...
SECRET_1=123456
PASSWORD=productionpass
```

## Installation

go get:

```
> go get github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env
```

Or download [binary](https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env/releases/latest):

```
> wget -O aws-ssm-env.zip https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env/releases/download/v1.0.0/aws-ssm-env-v1.0.0-linux-amd64.zip
> unzip aws-ssm-env.zip
> chmod 755 aws-ssm-env
```

## Authors

Jamie Tsao (original utility at https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env)

John Oberly III (build updates only)

## License

[See LICENSE file.](LICENSE)

Commit message:

update README for better error checking

README.md, after:

# aws-ssm-env

Simple utility to print parameters from Amazon EC2 Systems Manager (ssm) Parameter Store as environment variables. This is useful for injecting secure secrets into the environment of a docker container process.

## Usage

Create secret parameters on AWS Parameter Store for your application using [hierarchies](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-working.html#sysman-paramstore-su-organize):

```
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /userservice/SECRET_1 --value "123456" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /accountservice/secret_2 --value "abcdef" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /accountservice/secret_3 --value "foobarbaz" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /database/production/password --value "productionpass" --type SecureString
> aws ssm put-parameter --name /database/staging/password --value "stagingpass" --type SecureString
```

Add tags to categorize parameters in various ways:

```
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /userservice/SECRET_1 --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /accountservice/secret_2 --tags Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /accountservice/secret_3 --tags Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=staging,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /database/production/password --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=production,Value=true
> aws ssm add-tags-to-resource --resource-type Parameter --resource-id /database/staging/password --tags Key=userservice,Value=true Key=accountservice,Value=true Key=staging,Value=true
```

Retrieve parameters with `aws-ssm-env`:

```
# filter by 'userservice' parameters for 'production'
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=userservice,production
SECRET_1=123456
PASSWORD=productionpass

# filter by 'accountservice' parameters for 'staging'
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=accountservice,staging
SECRET_3=foobarbaz
PASSWORD=stagingpass

# filter by path (`/` will search all parameters)
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/database
PASSWORD=productionpass
PASSWORD=stagingpass

# filter by path and tag
> AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/database --tags=production
PASSWORD=productionpass
```

*Notice that parameter names are automatically capitalized.*

Use `export` with `aws-ssm-env` to inject secrets from Parameter Store into the environment.
In the event the `aws-ssm-env` fails, it's recommended to capture the output and then export the variables:

```
VARS=$(AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=userservice,production)
if [[ $? -ne 0 ]]; then
    export "$VARS"
fi
```

Or directly export environment variables for all parameters returned without error checking:

```
> export $(AWS_REGION=<aws-region> aws-ssm-env --paths=/ --tags=userservice,production)
> env
...
...
SECRET_1=123456
PASSWORD=productionpass
```

## Installation

go get:

```
> go get github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env
```

Or download [binary](https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env/releases/latest):

```
> wget -O aws-ssm-env.zip https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env/releases/download/v1.0.0/aws-ssm-env-v1.0.0-linux-amd64.zip
> unzip aws-ssm-env.zip
> chmod 755 aws-ssm-env
```

## Authors

Jamie Tsao (original utility at https://github.com/jamietsao/aws-ssm-env)

John Oberly III (build updates only)

## License

[See LICENSE file.](LICENSE)
